# References

50 Years of Moore's Law
http://spectrum.ieee.org/static/special-report-50-years-of-moores-law

History of Modern Computing
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_computing_hardware_(1960s%E2%80%93present)

IBM Personal Computer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_Personal_Computer

History of Computers
http://www.explainthatstuff.com/historyofcomputers.html

Harvard Business Review; November 2007,
"A Leaders Framework for Decision Making",
https://hbr.org/2007/11/a-leaders-framework-for-decision-making

Harvard Business Review; July 2014,
"Management's Three Eras: A Brief History",
https://hbr.org/2014/07/managements-three-eras-a-brief-history

Harvard Business Review; May 2011,
"The Power of Small Wins",
https://hbr.org/2011/05/the-power-of-small-wins

Spurious Correlations
http://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations

Fortune 500 Mission Statements
https://www.missionstatements.com/fortune_500_mission_statements.html

"Start with Why" by Simon Sinek
https://www.startwithwhy.com/

Asana Mission Statement
https://asana.com/company

Teamwork.com Mission Statement
https://www.teamwork.com/story

"Howard Stern's 9/11 Show"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChH4NDibeeo

History of Modern Man
http://anthro.palomar.edu/homo2/mod_homo_4.htm

The Wall Street Journal; August 19, 2003
"The Fed's Thermostat"
http://miltonfriedman.hoover.org/friedman_images/Collections/2016c21/WSJ_08_19_2003.pdf

Milton Friedman's Thermostat
http://worthwhile.typepad.com/worthwhile_canadian_initi/2010/12/milton-friedmans-thermostat.html

Milton Friedman's Thermostat Analogy
http://justinhohn.typepad.com/blog/2013/01/milton-friedmans-thermostat-analogy.html

Goodhart's Law: Its Origins, Meaning and Implications for Monetary Policy
http://cyberlibris.typepad.com/blog/files/Goodharts_Law.pdf
